Ha ha.
Hahaha, 10,000 yuan to buy an unpopular one.
Is there something wrong with your brain, boy?
I will advise you one last time
What about our lottery ticket?
Once sold, it is non-refundable.
If you lose, it's upside down
Don't make trouble with me.
The boss has issued the ticket, wait a minute.
The boy will wait to see you cry in a while
Final score France 3:0 Brazil
Congratulations to France for winning the Hercules Cup for the first time
It's impossible.
Absolutely impossible
Four Guns and Eight Flags
He didn't score a damn ball.
Let's talk about it, boss.
They are really amazing, this guy
Yo
How did this all start buying a lottery ticket?
It seems that my divorce will hit you hard.
It's getting crazy.
Who has a whim?
I'll tell you what.
Divorcing you was the best decision I ever made
Don't force yourself to tell you
Someone has already proposed to me.
And he is still a rich second generation
You poor wretch!
Can't even compare to a toe
You are talking about Liu Yaoyao.
I'll tell you what.
I'll make you two bitches pay sooner or later
What's wrong? Are you in a bad mood?
Strange autumn wind, he seems to know about us
It's okay, you two are divorced anyway
It won't be long.
I'll tell him to get out of Jiangcheng